auto-launch link capability (#630)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/specification/current.md

`appContext` | OPTIONAL | *string* |  An optional field that allows the CDS Service to share information from the CDS card with a subsequently launched SMART app. The `appContext` field should only be valued if the link type is `smart` and is not valid for `absolute` links. The `appContext` field and value will be sent to the SMART app as part of the [OAuth 2.0][OAuth 2.0] access token response, alongside the other [SMART launch parameters](http://hl7.org/fhir/smart-app-launch/1.0.0/scopes-and-launch-context/#launch-context-arrives-with-your-access_token) when the SMART app is launched. Note that `appContext` could be escaped JSON, base64 encoded XML, or even a simple string, so long as the SMART app can recognize it. CDS Client support for `appContext` requires additional coordination with the authorization server that is not described or specified in CDS Hooks nor SMART.

> `try-auto-launch` | OPTIONAL | *boolean* |  This field serves as a hint to the CDS Client suggesting to immediately launch the link, without displaying the card and therefore without manual user interaction. The CDS Client ultimately determines if a link can be automatically launched, taking into consideration user interface needs, workflow considerations, or even absence of support for this feature. Note that CDS Hooks responses containing links with `try-auto-launch` equal true may not be shown to the user. It's the CDS Service's responsibiltty to ensure that any decision support that exists in card(s) is shown via the launched app.  Sufficiently advanced CDS Clients may support auto-launching multiple links or multiple cards. Implementer guidance is requested to determine if the specification should preclude these advanced scenarios. 

Author: ```suggestion
`try-auto-launch` | OPTIONAL | *boolean* |  This field serves as a hint to the CDS Client suggesting this link be immediately launched, without displaying the card and without manual user interaction. The CDS Client ultimately determines if a link can be automatically launched, taking into consideration user interface needs, workflow considerations, or even absence of support for this optional feature. Note that CDS Hooks responses containing links with this field set to true may not be shown to the user. It's the CDS Service's responsibility to ensure that any decision support that exists in the CDS Hooks response's card(s) is communicated via the launched app.  Sufficiently advanced CDS Clients may support auto-launching multiple links or multiple cards. Implementer guidance is requested to determine if the specification should preclude these advanced scenarios. 
```
